even more than 15 years after its
original release Super Mario 64 is still
one popular video game the overworld hub
in this game is of course Peach's castle
it was one hell of an overworld back in
1996 and it still is you have the
outside court you have the basement the
courtyard the second and third floor the
endless stairs this is an amazing
overworld well one year after the
release of Mario 64 Nintendo released a
game called Mario Kart 64 that was the
follow-up to Super Mario Kart for the
Super Nintendo full 3d races that was
amazing at the time there was one track
in mario kart 64 called royal raceway
which at first seems like a normal
racetrack with a giant jump at one point
well if you pay attention you can
actually leave the race and go inside a
little sandy path to your right just
after the big jump what you're going to
find there is pretty cool yes this is
Princess Peach's castle the same place
you saw in Super Mario 64 you can't
actually go inside but you can explore
the outside in your cart that it's kind
of cool this is the kind of little
details that are missing in more recent
Mario Kart games in my opinion
hopefully Mario Kart 8 is gonna have
little cool Easter eggs like that what
is your favorite video game mind-blowing
moment share it in the comment section
down below well that is if you are able
to cook let's be honest those new
Google+ comments are really bad but if
you manage to command it might be used
in a future episode also if you want
more VG mind blows click here or there
thanks a lot for watching
you